Direct Test Mode/Radio Test: Skyworks Front-end Module support (#6293)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/radio_test/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/sample_dtm_radio_test_fem.txt

> You can configure the nRF21540 front-end module (FEM) transmitted power gain, antenna and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the nRF21540 front-end module (FEM) transmitted power gain, antenna output and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.
```
In the DTM doc, you had antenna *output*, so I guess it needs to be the same here.

Author: Added

Skyworks front-end module
=========================

.. include:: /includes/sample_dtm_radio_test_skyworks.txt

> You can configure the Skyworks front-end module (FEM) antenna and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Skyworks front-end module (FEM) antenna output and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.
```
Same thing with the *output* here.

Author: Added here and also in the other places

The nRF21540 transmitted power gain, antenna and an activation delay can be configured using the user interface :ref:`radio_test_ui`.

Skyworks front-end module
=========================

.. include:: /includes/sample_dtm_radio_test_skyworks.txt

> The Skyworks front-end module (FEM) antenna and an activation delay can be configured using the user interface :ref:`radio_test_ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Skyworks front-end module (FEM) antenna and activation delay using the main shell commands of the :ref:`radio_test_ui`.
```

Author: Done
